our wise owl
tell you all about the great wonders
whiners show
from the most ancient pyramids to the present day he
around the world
everything is known and
and everything is known hello
my little inquisitive friends
Today I will talk about one more miracle
Sveta
but as usual, first see
cartoon from the last lesson about
Halicarnassus mausoleum look
and
aunty owl
what are we going to find out today today guys i
tell you about the leaning tower which
standing in the Italian city and because
that's why the tower was called leaning because
the truth back of rumors of Pisa
the tower believes that there is light probably
because she is very big even she and
high as a modern home
but the tower is especially so that she tired
gets on anyone falls up not scared and
not by the sound of actually the streets of the towers
slowly tilts as if the drink and
approaching the earth and it goes on
already more than 6 hundred years so long and who
built her and why she falls
aut at this miracle remained
unknown
Leaning tower of about 200 land was built
everyone thought that her inclination was conceived of
ball but over time it became apparent that
the tower itself rolls more and
more so it is considered one of
miracles
and also because your is not different from
many others
original architecture you yourself
You will be able to see this nursery look
adventure cartoon
our cats prankster on leaning
towers 2
okay
but
I also throw something as you think
just scream
Well guys, it's time to close everything up
new meetings kids to new wonders
Sveta